	◦	add accurate progress bar to database import and ensure window does not show “not responding” because of the quantity of songs being imported
	◦	
	◦	add padding to default themes
	◦	allow copying a theme json and pasting it into the editor
	◦	
	◦	implement light mode, colored theme mode and semi-dark mode.
	
	◦	remove buggy extra spacing in song editor (it may be due to song imports or just the way song editor parses lyrics)
	◦	fix song pasting (and song initialization i.e. the auto loading into arrays when the song editor is opened to edit a song) in song editor
	◦	
	◦	add universal search shortcut for scriptures, do the same for songs
	
	◦	implement shortcut to switch scripture search translation (i search in a translation, then if i don’t see my results, i can toggle to search across all translations or a specific one)
	
	◦	add song, scripture, image, logo transitions. add a lot of them.
	◦	fix context menu ux (display, rendering, etc) in the media tab (and probably across all tabs)
	



double-clicking or pressing enter in preview panel should automatically switch focus to the live item (and it’s currently selected index) :done
be able to add image/video from themes modal :done
ensure the current live item is projected when you click “go live” :done
scroll issue in song editing. when you click a lyric, edit it and press the down key to go to the next input, the bar scrolls to the top :done
improve contrast of left order icon in schedule items :done
enter button does not send current preview index to live :done
let lyric label be a badge in preview and live panels :done
replace red “end live” btn with a surface, outline or ghost button. it is too prominent in the UI. you could also reduce the size :done


clicking the button to switch scripture filter to scripture search should automatically focus the search input :done

fix scripture index, please. when I click on a translation in the left menu of scripture panel, the currently selected scripture item/index gets offsetted. For example, I am currently selecting Nehemiah 1:10. When I click the NLT translaton, Nehemiah 1:15 gets selected instead. Kindly fix  :done
thorough song editing fails to save. the save button loads indefinitely :done
scripture index bug persists (highlighted scripture changes when you switch translations): done

prevent app from closing if schedule is unsaved :done
adding a new item to the schedule should make the item the new selected item in the schedule list :done
double clicking a translation in the left menu of scripture panel should automatically push the translation version of the current scripture index to live 	:done


when the scripture filter is clicked, the scripture panel (and current scripture) should automatically become the focused panel.  :done
add button and shortcut to delete schedule item  :done
allow selecting multiple schedule items using ctrl and shift  :done

implement schedule ordering using the drag handler  :done
when a scripture or song is clicked in schedule, it should automatically be the highlighted one if the scripture/song panels are not in search mode/display  :done


fix issue with crater not quitting even when both windows are closed  :done :hacky-fix
add indicator for current logo in Media panel, and add checkmark (next to the "Set as logo" btn) in the context menu of the media assigned as logo  :done
fix overflow in canvas view in theme editor  :done
add live and preview displays in preview and live panels  :done


ensure that the live & preview displays don't play videos, but rather show only the thumnail/first-frame

add proper canvas background for the theme editor canvas  :done
add shortcuts to switch to schedule, preview, live, song, scripture, strong’s, media, and themes panels  :done
add shortcuts to open song editing and app settings  :done


allow schedule item editing (and there should be a checkbox to allow syncing with it’s saved item in db)
allow editing theme (or maybe only background) for a specific schedule item
allow editing/assigning themes for a specific song

Improve the user experience of scripture filter. Thoroughly test and examine the user experience  :done